the age is more spirit spirit
he's so skilled he's able to DS able to
walk that edge
the man you're watching is duct Holland
maybe just maybe the fastest man on a
bike in Texas now the man you're
listening to is Randy Gandhi
Doug's mechanic and the man who's been
there there comes a time when
you know you just don't have to touch
the stove to know it's hot again you
know you just just got to quit you just
simply have to quit you know the longer
you do it the more chances you have you
dying
he's prepared for it you know he accepts
the fact that any given moment something
could go south line on a little and halt
on the little stagger
Doug Pollan is a 22 year old Denton
resident who gets his kicks riding this
Honda Superbike 160 miles per hour he
along with Randy and super bike designer
Dave rash live in the fast lane of high
speed road racing the scooter Doug rides
looks a lot like a showroom stock Honda
750 you or I could buy off the floor but
underneath the gleaming black gas tank
lies $35,000 worth of laser fast
brutality Randy and Dave virtually live
inside the small four-cylinder engine it
churns out over a hundred and twenty
five horsepower every time Doug cranks
the throttle enough to achieve warp
drive quicker than the Starship
Enterprise
but in the lightning-quick world of road
racing even this is not enough the mega
buck factory teams of Yamahas and
Suzuki's continue to dominate the races
and doug has yet to win a big event it
it hurts every time you go to the
racetrack it really does because it's
the only way you can fight it is to beat
him with money the costs are just
phenomenal you know you're starting out
at $200 for you even leave the door okay
just to put instead of rubber on
oh I just like to see and go fast David
has virtually dedicated his life to this
machine he spends days at a time before
every race taking it apart and putting
it back together he's recognized as
being practically a genius of motorcycle
motors yet he's never ridden his
creation no no I have no desire to
whatsoever at all it's uh no no it's I
because I know it it does all right he
makes it go do what it's supposed to do
you see and me I just scare me
lack of fear hmm no I wouldn't say I've
lack of fear I said maybe have a control
I know I know the consequences
of what can happen
I know the risk
I know how fast I can go into a corner
and there's no hyping up that I have to
do in order to go any faster because I
already know that I can't go any faster
I have erect fairly seriously at at
Henderson that was one of those
occasions in which I went just a little
bit too fast and was went beyond what I
thought the tires would hold while Doug
walks away from the wheel at a hundred
and sixty plus miles per hour
back in the pack is a petite 5 foot tall
Garland housewife named Amy sterling
though not quite in the same league as
the super bikers she can guide her
smaller 500cc Italian bike over 110
miles per hour one needs to do something
out of the ordinary
my tensions and I'm a competitive person
and and this gives me the opportunity to
get on a motorcycle and take it to its
max and work myself to my max modesty
prevented a me from classifying herself
as fast but she wins in her class more
often than not and it was noted on the
track that the men tried just a little
harder when they saw an Auburn ponytail
trailing out of the helmet in front of
them which is where she remained in this
race
after eight laps of his 12 lap -
Duggan's had to taper off his torrid
pace at one time he held nearly a minute
lead over the second place rider but the
speed and the track have taken a toll
the inside of his front tire has worn
dangerously close to the court and he's
lost his front brake but the challenge
remains and he fends off the other
riders by getting closer and closer to
the edge you become accustomed to that
speed that speed then becomes a kind of
a normal like driving 55 down highway
for the Formula one Yamaha breathing
down his tailpipe Doug holds on to take
the checkered flag
there's no winter circle or champagne no
kiss from the Queen just a slow ride
back to the garage where the damage will
be assessed and plans will be made for
the next race a race that hopefully will
draw Doug ever closer to that coveted
number one plate that adorns the Machine
of the fastest man on two wheels